hello everybody welcome to my channel
today i am going to explain an excellent
indonesian horror film called satan slave
this film's indonesian name is pungavi seton
the film is set in 1981's rural indonesia a young
lady rini lives with her dad bari grandma rama
young brothers tony bondi and ian in a rural
mansion the youngest kid ian was mute they
used sign language with him to communicate rini's
mom morning suono was an erstwhile famous singer
she was bedridden with a mysterious illness she
was given a bell to call someone when needed
rini tony and their dad used to look after
her in the first scene we see morty chanting
in an ancient japanese language the
1980s were the time of vinyl records
we see rini with her mom's agent agent says
records are not selling they have given whatever
they owed your mom has not produced any new song
in the last three years he says he can't help much
this family's financial conditions were terrible
for morty's treatment rini's dad had pledged
their house at one hand he had no money and
on the other hand morty was getting worse
now rini heard her mom's bell when she entered
her room marty was staring at an empty space she
was horrified and scared at night rini's second
brother tony gives some money to his father he
collected that by selling his bike meanwhile bondi
tells a teaching of his religious teacher torini
he says whenever the last family member of the
deceased person walks 40 steps away from one's
tomb the dead rises again for a few minutes when
they see they are in a shroud then they die really
rini dismissed his superstition
as their family was an atheist
and they never prayed now tony combs her mom's
hair suddenly a window opens all by itself
now his mom gives him a scary look later rini
secretly observes her dad talking to her mom
at midnight in rini's dream she sees a white
lady in her mom's room she was watching the
graveyard from her room window rini thinks this
is her mom but she is not she now hears her mom's
bell from bed she was warning her by banging
the bell forcefully now that white lady turns
and laughs her skin color of this lady was
white and she looked exactly like her mother
now rini wakes up scared now she actually hear her
mom's bell when she checked her mom was standing
at that window and suddenly she fell to the ground
and died the family mourns next day they conduct
a funeral with the help of a spiritual leader
called ustadji after the funeral of da ji's son
hendra introduces himself to reni now villagers
pray at rini's house bondi was scared as hell as
the graveyard was opposite their house his dad
talks to him and calms him down now rini's dad
says he will be out of town for a few days he asks
rini and tony to manage the house in the meantime
naturally these two were worried as in the 80s
cell phones were not available for emergencies
now bondi was awake due to his fear he sees a
man in the graveyard a guy was searching for
something with a torch now tony hears his mom's
bell ring when he checked the room the bell was
still ringing but in the dare as soon as he sees
it it falls down to the ground now tony was scared
too so he runs for his room now their dad leaves
for the city bondi bunk school now all sorts of
paranormal activities start in their house first
the rini sees an image of a lady near their well
bondi 2 sees that white lady in his toy ian
plays a hide and seek game with his grandmother
she was in a wheelchair as she
can't walk she had asthma too
ian finds her in a game which makes her happy
next night tony heard his mom's voice on the radio
she was calling him he shuts down the radio
and horror but still hears his mom's voice
tony do my hair he sees a shadow of one
white lady who makes him fall from his cot
but suddenly out of the blue his mom's comb comes
into his hand when he checked it in the lights
there was nobody at midnight ian was standing in
front of the room looking scared when bondi asks
what happened ian points at their mom's portrait
now bondi throws a white curtain to cover that
portrait but the curtain stops in midair for
some time in front of that portrait then it
advances at them with speed naturally bondi and
ian both scream like hell when rini arrives there
bondi says mom's ghost had attacked them he points
at the portrait which was now covered in a curtain
rini now calms both of them down in the next
scene we see grandma writing a letter in fear
tony keeps his mom's bell and comb
near her grave and wishes for peace
next day hendra tells rini that he saw a lady
during the funeral she was not from their village
i even checked the graveyard the night your mom
died but couldn't find anything fishy but what
was shocking here was that i saw the same white
lady again in your house meaning reni's house
hendra says some evil spirit has taken
her mother's form and the house is haunted
meaning here it is clear that bondi saw hendra
that night in the graveyard when he was awake
rini says it's natural for you to be superstitious
as you are a son of ustadji hendra convinces her
that he is open-minded unlike his father rini
refuses hendra's offer of staying at his house
now in the next scene we see grandmother walking
all by herself she was going somewhere pain was
all over her face later rini finds her
grandmother's body in a well being dead
they conduct her funeral it seems somebody forced
her to commit suicide bondi was in terrible shock
as he was the one who first saw his grandmother's
body rini finds her grandma's letter addressed to
a guy named buddyman rini and hendra meet that
guy he says he and her grandmother were close
but she had to marry his friend he says her
grandma was not ready for her dad's marriage
to her mom their relationship was bitter due to
her mom's inability to conceive also at that time
singing was considered a despised profession when
eventually mari had kids her grandma's suspicion
grew too she believed milwaurty prayed to satan
for children not god rini didn't believe this
story to convince her bodyman gave her a magazine
in which his article on the occult was published
he says they meaning the cult can't take them
if they stay together he advises rini to read
the article to fully understand it now suddenly
a blind guy interrupts their meeting and reminds
him of his massage timings now bondi in sleep
whispers that he will not kill ian i love him
it seems he is possessed when rini arrived
back home he was in total possession isolated
reni and tony think that he is still in shock
due to grandma's death now while sleeping bondi
signals to ian in sign language that he will kill
him now ian was scared like hell at midnight ian
hears a voice he follows that voice and as soon as
he opens the door from which it was coming he sees
a black hand with long fingernails he screams but
since he is mute there was no sound this one scene
is magnificent horror and truly iconic it really
scares you now ian tries to run but his shirt
sticks to a nail he screams more with no sound
next day rini finds her mom's old vinyl record
when she plays it backward we hear chanting in an
ancient language later rini found ian outside in a
small box outside the house as he slept there the
whole night out of fear rini takes him inside and
assures him that they all are with him now tony
after reading that article tells ladies who can't
conceive can join the demonic cult the cult will
grace them with children with one condition when
their last child turns seven they must give it
to the cult tony explains a strange calculation
rini is 22 years old he is 16 years old bondi
is 10 years old and ian will be seven in the
next three days he says their mom had children
at an interval of seven years to trick the devil
he says there were always a few strange
people around their mom during her parties
by showing a photo album he says he even asked
one guy once who he was that guy didn't answer the
article says these were the members of the cult
when a kid turns seven the living dead arrives
at their house to take that kid away they can take
the kid only if the family voluntarily allows it
to all the story rini again dismissed it as
superstition now when rini was giving breakfast
to ian grandma's chair moved all by itself rini
glimpses her grandma's crying image on the front
glass which makes her scared she asks susta g to
check the house as he is an expert on religion
he checks the house and says there is
an evil spirit which is haunting them
he advised them to pray to allah when rini was
getting ready to pray she again saw that white
lady in another room ian and bondi were sleeping
suddenly their room's door opened all by itself
ian again saw a ghost in black color which was
staring at bondi as rini prays a white looking
lady hovered around her as rini completes her
prayer a white lady attacks her after seeing
her white face in hand rini runs to ustad ji's
house next day hendra says she is zombie since in
ancient times such beings have been there they use
humans to propagate their kind tony says according
to this article one can't defeat them but they
can decline their demand by staying united
tony also says their biological dad must be
different members of the cult as all four look
so divisively different it was strange their
dad never thought why they looked so different
now hendra gets a call from buddymen
he asks rini and hendra to meet him
but only hendra visits bootyman hands in his new
article while playing his tape loud he whispers
something in hendra's ear he did that to block any
evil spirits from listening to their conversation
but now while coming back hendra faces an
accident and dies instantly on the road
at the buddyman's house a blind guy comes without
notice buddyman tries to shoe him off with a stick
as he thought he may be a member of the cult in
the house bondi was ready to kill ian with a knife
in time rini takes away his knife the
villagers bring hendra's body to the village
astaji conducts his funerals in disbelief rini
finds bodyman's letter from hendra's belongings
at night rini heard a noise when
she checked it was hendra's zombie
he tried to drag greenie from his house
as the rini screams tony and ian jumps to
help their sister meanwhile stad g offers
no help as he was too devastated in grief
now the kid's dad arrived there apparently he
was back from the city he takes all of them
back to their house rini explains everything
to him he was shocked at his mother's death
he says tomorrow itself they will walk away from
their house after some time tony shouts help help
ian was locked in the bathroom as they open
door we see someone guarding ian into the well
ian's dad too jumps into the well and
saves him somehow we see a zombie-like
black creature in a well now cult members who
were actually satan slaves surround their house
as the family locks all their doors a lot
of paranormal activities start to happen
some force throws a wheelchair at them as panic
rips rini tony and dad get stuck in the room
while only ian and bondi were outside now some
supernatural power has attacked ian meanwhile
bondi comes out of possession now their dad preys
on the spirits of malwarty and grandma he thinks
all of this is his fault in the background we hear
grandma's voice as an asthmatic patient breathing
now bondi with courage tries to rescue ian as
soon as he touches ian evil power vanishes now
his dad with a steel rod shouts at cult members
says he will not give any of his children away
now cult members while moving away from their
house they throw something around the house
next day the family starts to leave the village
they also plan ian's surprise birthday party at
midnight their taxi was supposed to arrive at 4pm
in the evening ustad g arrives at their house and
says sorry he stays at their house while walking
around the house rini finds a lot of red seeds
even at 10 30 pm there was no sign of a taxi
just suddenly the electricity goes off later
rini remembers hendra's letter after reading it
she says to tony that this is an updated article
according to this cult members arrives to give a
clue to the living dead she says all the red seeds
are for awakening the living dead when the devil
kid turns seven he must be surrounded by an army
of the living dead she says ian is a devil child
and grandma's ghost is attacking him to save them
now they again see that white lady moving into
their dad's room now dad also sees that white lady
sleeping besides him he runs to his children's
room after midnight ian was speaking to someone
yes he was speaking all these years he was doing
a drama of not speaking when bondi asks he says i
am speaking to my friends he speaks properly and
laughs naughtily this was a too scary moment for
me in the film bandi sees the living dead white
zombie outside the window now zombies kill ustad
g hendra zombie was also there now they see
ian with other zombies outside ian asks his
dad to come outside he was never his son he was
devil's son that's why morty's health was upset
cult knew that she was cheating so they decided to
take the child by force all these years the family
was feeding a devil's child tony drags his dad
inside the house living dead again attacks them
now i'll see grandma's ghost who was stopping
these creatures she just wanted to kill ian
as she knew he was the son of the devil when you
saw a black ghost it was her now buddyman arrives
there and snakes them away he says ian was never
their child now the film starts after one year
these four were living in an apartment their
neighbor brings the food and tries to be cozy
later she says to her husband that we have to find
new victims her husband says this time they have
to take good care of them so that they can't run
away now satanic music plays they dance we see a
jar full of red seeds proving they were the head
of the cult in the film the cinematography sound
black and white color combination costume
design gives you a proper horror feeling
in the film zombie is white and grandma's ghost
is black during rini's praying scene two different
evils haunt the two characters the audience
will definitely overlook this menu at difference
ian never mentions that black hand to his
sister in the end he stops grandma's ghost
with a single hand even when the ghost
was ripping all the furniture around him
he was able to stop it as he was the devil's son
he was doing a drama of being a nice cute brother
grandma was telling bondi to kill ian i think he
might be a member of the cult as he was not that
scared when he went to city he had no money
but when he returned he had all the wealth
he might have left the cult long ago
he might not know this child thing
in trouble he prays to ghosts of morty and
ma at the end when the couple says we have
to keep them happy this time they might be
talking about dead malwarty's living dead
haunted and pressurized them so that they
could voluntarily give away their child
at the end they did the same with no option so
this is the story of satan's slave please tell me
about your opinion and comments please subscribe
and like the video thanks for watching take care